## Research Questions 

Now that you are all set up, it's time to learn a little more about the tools of the trade. Edit this file and answer the following questions. You are going to need to start familiarizing yourself with the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en). Docs (short for documentation) are the instructions on how to use a languge or program. A large part of your job as a developer will be learning how to read and work with documentation. Please reference the GitHub docs when answering the questions below. If you cannot find what you are looking for in the docs, you can always start to practice your Google skills!

1. What is Git? A tool used by web developers to store and share code remotely on the cloud, keep track of changes in code over time, and collaborate with other developers over time. 
2. What is the difference between Git and GitHub? Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history. GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories.
3. Why do we create a branch? To maintain stability while isolated changes are made to code. 
4. What is the purpose of a Pull Request? Pull requests let you tell others about changes you've pushed to a branch in a repository on GitHub. Once a pull request has been opened, you can discuss changes with other developers and possibly do future commits. 
5. What is the command you can use to switch between branches? For example you are working on the FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME branch and you want to switch back to main. Answer: The command you use to do this is the git checkout command.
6. Explain the difference between `git fetch`, `git merge` and `git pull`. What does each command do? git fetch downloads commits, files, and refs from a remote repository into your local repo. git fetch fetches updates but does not merge them. git pull does a git fetch under the hood and then a merge . git fetch is similar to pull but doesn't merge. Whereas git merge will combine multiple sequences of commits into one unified history. 
7. What is a merge conflict? Merge conflicts happen when you merge branches that have competing commits, and Git needs your help to decide which changes to incorporate in the final merge.
8. How do you resolve a merge conflict? You resolve a merge conflict by doing a pull request and under the pull request list click resolve conflicts. There you can decide what changes you want for the final merge and clicking commit merge when finished. 
